Added warnings about namespaces for categories where wasn't showen (#103)
LoneDev6/Wiki-ItemsAdder: plugin-usage/adding-content/item-properties/events/README.md

* equipped\_armor\_item.player\_damaged\_by\_entity
* bucket\_empty
* bucket\_fill

### EXAMPLE

> Why it's stated like `interact (dot) right`?
> Small example of how to state it into item config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why is it written like `interact (dot) right`?
Below is a small example of how to correctly write it into your item config.
```

> Why is it written like `interact (dot) right`?

You never answer that question by the way, I would sort that out.

Author: The answer is that example.

Author: Interact.right
Is
Interact:
  Right:
Thats why the example is in there
